##
1.  接口描述：

2. url： http://api.steampowered.com/IDOTA2Match_570/GetTournamentPlayerStats/v1

3. 请求参数

    | 字段         | 字段类型 | 是否必填 | 说明   |
    | ---------- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
    
account_id (string)
    32-bit account ID.
league_id (Optional) (string)
    A list of league IDs can be found via the GetLeagueListing method. Will return status 8 - only supports tournament 65006 (The International) unless you provide 65006.
hero_id (Optional) (string)
    A list of hero IDs can be found via the GetHeroes method.
time_frame (Optional) (string)
    Only return stats between this time frame (parameter format not yet known).    
    

4. 返回说明(来自官方文档)

    result
    
        status
    
            1 - Success
            8 - only supports tournament 65006 (The International).
    
        statusDetail
            A message explaining the status, should status not be 1.
        num_results
            Number of matches returned.
        matches
            An array of matches.
    
            player_slot
                See #Player Slot.
            hero_id
                The hero's unique ID. A list of hero IDs can be found via the GetHeroes method.
            item_0
                ID of the top-left inventory item.
            item_1
                ID of the top-center inventory item.
            item_2
                ID of the top-right inventory item.
            item_3
                ID of the bottom-left inventory item.
            item_4
                ID of the bottom-center inventory item.
            item_5
                ID of the bottom-right inventory item.
            kills
                The amount of kills attributed to this player.
            deaths
                The amount of times this player died during the match.
            assists
                The amount of assists attributed to this player.
            gold
                The amount of gold the player had remaining at the end of the match.
            last_hits
                The amount of last-hits the player got during the match.
            denies
                The amount of denies the player got during the match.
            gold_per_min
                The player's overall gold/minute.
            xp_per_min
                The player's overall experience/minute.
            gold_spent
                The amount of gold the player spent during the match.
            level
                The player's level at match end.
            win
                Whether the player won the match or not (values: "true" or "false").
            match_id
                The match's unique ID.
            duration
                The length of the match, in seconds since the match began.
    
        account_id
            32-bit account ID.
        persona
            Account's current Steam profile name.
        num_results
            Number of matches returned.
        wins
            Number of the matches won.
        losses
            Number of the matches lost.
        kills
            Number of kills across all of the matches.
        deaths
            Number of deaths across all of the matches.
        assists
            Number of assists across all of the matches.
        kills_average
            Average number of kills per match.
        deaths_average
            Average number of deaths per match.
        assists_average
            Average number of assists per match.
        gpm_average
            Average gold per minute across all of the matches.
        xpm_average
            Average experience per minute across all of the matches.
        best_kills
            Most kills in one of the matches.
        best_kills_heroid
            Which Hero the player was playing when they achieved best_kills. A list of hero IDs can be found via the GetHeroes method.
        best_gpm
            Highest gold per minute in one of the matches.
        best_gpm_heroid
            Which Hero the player was playing when they achieved best_gpm. A list of hero IDs can be found via the GetHeroes method.
        heroes_played
            An array of heroes played.
    
            id
                The hero's unique ID. A list of hero IDs can be found via the GetHeroes method.
            wins
                Number of matches won with this hero.
            losses
                Number of matches lost with this hero.



5. 返回实例