##

1.  接口描述：

2. url： net://api.steampowered.com/IDOTA2Match_570/GetLiveLeagueGames/v1

3. 请求参数

    | 字段         | 字段类型 | 是否必填 | 说明   |
    | ---------- | ---- | ---- | ---- |

4. 返回说明(来自官方文档)

    result
    
        games
            A list of games in-progress.
    
            players
                The list of players within a game.
    
                account_id
                    32-bit account ID.
                name
                    The player'base display name.
                hero_id
                    The hero'base unique ID. A list of hero IDs can be found via the GetHeroes method.
                team
                    What team the player is currently playing as.
    
                    0 - Radiant
                    1 - Dire
                    2 - Broadcaster
                    4 - Unassigned
    
            radiant_team
                Information about the team playing as radiant for this match.
    
                team_name
                    The team'base name.
                team_id
                    The team'base unique ID.
                team_logo
                    The UGC id for the team logo. You can resolve this with the GetUGCFileDetails method.
                complete
                    Whether the players for this team are all team members.
    
            dire_team
                Information about the team playing as dire for this match.
    
                team_name
                    The team'base name.
                team_id
                    The team'base unique ID.
                team_logo
                    The UGC id for the team logo. You can resolve this with the GetUGCFileDetails method.
                complete
                    Whether the players for this team are all team members.
    
            lobby_id
                Unique ID for the matches lobby.
            spectators
                Number of spectators at time of query.
            tower_state
                See #Tower state below.
            league_id
                Unique ID for the league of the match being played. A list of league IDs can be found via the GetLeagueListing method.



5. 返回实例